.TH IGNSDK-APP-CREATOR 1 "February 21, 2013" "Version 1.1.6" "IGNSDK App Creator - General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
IGNSDK App Creator \- IGOS Nusantara Software Development Kit (Application Creator)
.SH SYNOPSIS
ignsdk-app-creator [-p|--pkgname \fBpackage_name\fR] [-g|--git] [-r|--remote \fBremote_url\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
IGNSDK App Creator is a tool that assists you to create a new IGNSDK-based application. This application will create a new application in $HOME/IGNSDK-APP/ with default template.
.PP
IGNSDK is a Software Development Kit (SDK) designed specifically for developing hybrid applications in IGOS Nusantara. But, now also available for other Linux distributions, 
such as Archlinux, Slackware, Ubuntu, and Debian. You can write desktop applications in HTML and Javascript language with IGNSDK.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-p, --pkgname \fBpackage_name\fR" 32
Specify package name.
.IP "-g, --git" 32
Initialize Git repository and commit initial project files. Git binary must be located in PATH.
.IP "-r, --remote \fBremote_url\fR" 32
Set Git remote URL.
.IP "--no-packaging" 32
Just extract and configure default template, skip packaging process.
.IP "-x, --distribution \fBdistribution\fR" 32
(Debian-only) Use other distribution's package format instead of system's. Supported distribution is \fBign\fR (RPM format).
.IP "-h, --help" 32
Show help.
.SH BUGS
.PP
See https://github.com/anak10thn/ignsdk-qt/issues/
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBignsdk\fR(1), \fBignsdk-app-builder\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Surya Handika Putratama <ubunteroz@gmail.com>.
